h1. Bundle fu
-------------

Each css / js you load causes your site to load slower ! You can speed things
up exponentially by simply combining all your css/js files into one file each.

Bundle_fu makes it easy to do.  It's as easy as 1, 2 !

h2. USAGE / INSTALLATION
------------------------

h3. Step 1

Install this plugin

<code>script/plugin install git://github.com/kares/bundle-fu.git</code>

h3. Step 2

Put the following around your stylesheets/javascripts (note it works with any
method of including assets!):

<pre><code>
  <% bundle do %>
    ...
    <%= javascript_include_tag "prototype" %>
    <%= stylesheet_link_tag "basic.css" %>
    <%= calendar_date_select_includes params[:style] %>
    <script src="javascripts/application.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
    ...
  <% end %>
</code></pre>

That's it!

h3. Options

The <code><% bundle %></code> method accepts several options :

 # <code>:js_path</code> defaults to <code>"/javascripts/cache"</code>
 # <code>:css_path</code> defaults to <code>"/stylesheets/cache"</code>
 # <code>:name</code> the bundle name set it if you have multiple bundle blocks
 # <code>:bypass</code> if You want to skip the asset bundling, if its a Proc
 or symbol it will call/send it and use it's outcome
 # <code>:packr_options</code> if "Packr":http://blog.jcoglan.com/packr/ is
 available (defined) it will use it for packing javascript files and pass the
 given options to it.

"More Info":http://code.google.com/p/bundle-fu/


Bundle-fu by default rewrites (relative) CSS urls, it's very useful
if these rewrites use the rails provided asset tag helpers, thus enjoying asset
cache busting with far future headers. This is exactly what this version does !

h4. CSS Source

<pre><code>

  #header {
    background-image: url(../images/header-bg.png) no-repeat scroll;
  }

  #footer .button {
    background-image: url("./images/button-bg.gif");
  }

</code></pre>

h4. Bundled CSS

<pre><code>

  #header {
    background-image: url(/images/header-bg.png?1275245642) no-repeat scroll;
  }

  #footer .button {
    background-image: url(/stylesheets/images/button-bg.gif?1275842817);
  }

</code></pre>
